11/02/2024

Include easter eggs, or just fun stuff like you'd expect in demo-scene software, or just
older software in-general. Partially done with right click confetti, but adding some more
could be fun. Maybe some fun things in the menu once that is done.

Make a B section to music, add more transitional elements, and make drums quieter, and make certain
drum parts less busy.

Improve max FPS. Right now it seems like rendering is limiting the frame rate quite a bit, see if you can
figure out why (just for fun.)

Make unique rand function only call during waves or when spawn speed is fast.

Maybe Split up update and draw code to allow pausing while still drawing everything. Or maybe just cache the previous
frame in a texture and render that.

Continue tweaking zombie waves/difficulty curve

Consider making the plant icons on the seed packets positions automatically calculate.

Fix the peas not colliding off screen again.

Implement spawn rate limit

Add hit flash to zombies and maybe plants when they're being eaten.

Record explosion sound for cherrybomb and improve particle explosion.

Add juice/polish. Things like the zombies squashing/stretching a bit to make it look like they're walking.
Same for the plants. Just some simple "animations" that just change the size or rotation in really subtly
ways that brings a bit of life into the sprites.

Add something that indicates a wave is happening.

Consider trying to design more unique sprites. Maybe sketch on paper some ideas first. But try to deviate
a bit from plants vs zombies.

Allow particles to use textures, and make some simple textures like sparkles

Make sound effects for:
    Picking up a sun
    planting/digging
    the zombie eating plants
    a gameover sound/fanfare
    a wave start sound/fanfare


Improve look of title/gameover screen. Pretty bland right now.

Consider setting a deltatime global to allow treating certain values as "per second", rather than per frame. But only consider this,
since a lot of the code depends on the fps, so it might be a pain to do, and not really beneficial at this point.

Remove highlight when hovering shovel

Remove old pause code if it's still there

Consider adding different fade curves to particles

Make sure current particles aren't fading too fast

Add random confetti explosion to zombies

Make zombies live for a certain amount of time after they die (their head should pop off). I suppose this could
be handled with a negative health. Say, once their health reaches -0.2f, they actually die, but if their health
is less than zero, they still keep taking hits, and blocking shots to the zombies behind them, but they won't
be able to damage plants. This would add some challenge and urgency.

Fix gameover screen
